Feature/arkode sts (#541)
LLNL/sundials: doc/arkode/guide/source/Usage/LSRKStep/User_callable.rst

   and Southern Methodist University.
   All rights reserved.

   See the top-level LICENSE and NOTICE files for details.

   SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause
   SUNDIALS Copyright End
   ----------------------------------------------------------------

.. _ARKODE.Usage.LSRKStep.UserCallable:

LSRKStep User-callable functions
==================================

This section describes the LSRKStep-specific functions that may be called
by the user to setup and then solve an IVP using the LSRKStep time-stepping
module.  As mentioned in Section :numref:`ARKODE.Usage.UserCallable`,
shared ARKODE-level routines may be used for the large majority of LSRKStep
configuration and use.  In this section, we describe only those routines
that are specific to LSRKStep.

As discussed in the main :ref:`ARKODE user-callable function introduction
<ARKODE.Usage.UserCallable>`, each of ARKODE's time-stepping modules
clarifies the categories of user-callable functions that it supports.
LSRKStep supports the following categories:

* temporal adaptivity

.. _ARKODE.Usage.LSRKStep.Initialization:

LSRKStep initialization functions
---------------------------------

> .. c:function:: void* LSRKStepCreate(ARKRhsFn fe, ARKRhsFn fi, sunrealtype t0, N_Vector y0, SUNContext sunctx);

Reviewer: We're still planning to have some method-specific constructors, particularly for methods that have additional RHS functions (e.g., PIROCK).  The current interface, however, will work for both the current set of methods and the upcoming IMEX extensions of the SSPRK methods.  

Perhaps for improved consistency this PR should have two constructors,
```
void* LSRKStepCreateSTS(ARKRhsFn f, sunrealtype t0, N_Vector y0, SUNContext sunctx);
void* LSRKStepCreateSSP(ARKRhsFn fe, ARKRhsFn fi, sunrealtype t0, N_Vector y0, SUNContext sunctx);
```
This way the non-PIROCK-like super-time-stepping methods would not have an extra input, whereas the SSPRK methods would have the extra `fi` input to support our next steps?

> .. c:function:: void* LSRKStepCreate(ARKRhsFn fe, ARKRhsFn fi, sunrealtype t0, N_Vector y0, SUNContext sunctx);

Reviewer 2: I think starting with method-specific constructors like this and expanding as new methods are added would be better. If you wanted to be more fine-grained you could have separate SSP and IMEX-SSP method constructors like
```
void* LSRKStepCreateSSP(ARKRhsFn f, sunrealtype t0, N_Vector y0, SUNContext sunctx);
void* LSRKStepCreateIMEXSSP(ARKRhsFn fe, ARKRhsFn fi, sunrealtype t0, N_Vector y0, SUNContext sunctx);
``` 

One think I liked when these were proposed as part of `ARKStep` is that the difference between stepper modules was behind the scenes and everything was `ARKStep*` (now probably `ARKode*`) as the user level.

   This function allocates and initializes memory for a problem to
   be solved using the LSRKStep time-stepping module in ARKODE.

   **Arguments:**
      * *fe* -- the name of the C function (of type :c:func:`ARKRhsFn()`)
        defining the explicit portion of the right-hand side function in

>         :math:`y'(t) = f^E(t,y) + f^I(t,y)`.

Author: This convention is used many other places like in `ARKStep`. 
`y'` -> 245 times 
`\dot{y}` -> 526 times

      * *fi* -- the name of the C function (of type :c:func:`ARKRhsFn()`)
        defining the implicit portion of the right-hand side function in
        :math:`y'(t) = f^E(t,y) + f^I(t,y)`.
      * *t0* -- the initial value of :math:`t`.
      * *y0* -- the initial condition vector :math:`y(t_0)`.
      * *sunctx* -- the :c:type:`SUNContext` object (see :numref:`SUNDIALS.SUNContext`)

   **Return value:**
      If successful, a pointer to initialized problem memory
      of type ``void*``, to be passed to all user-facing LSRKStep routines
      listed below.  If unsuccessful, a ``NULL`` pointer will be
      returned, and an error message will be printed to ``stderr``.

   .. warning: LSRKStep does not currently support implicit or ImEx methods. The *fi* argument is included here as a placeholder for upcoming development.

.. _ARKODE.Usage.LSRKStep.OptionalInputs:

> Optional input functions

Reviewer: The current style mimics the user-callable functions that are specific to each of the existing steppers (e.g., `ARKStepSetTables`, `SPRKStepSetUseCompensatedSums`, and `MRIStepSetCoupling`)

-------------------------

.. c:function:: int LSRKStepSetMethod(void* arkode_mem, ARKODE_LSRKMethodType method);

   This function selects the LSRK method that should be used.  The list of allowable values for this input is below.

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.
      * *method* -- Type of the method.

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful
      * *ARK_ILL_INPUT* if an argument has an illegal value (e.g. typo in the method type).

   .. note:: If this routine is not called, then LSRKStep will use the Runge--Kutta--Chebyshev method by default.

Allowable Method Families

.. c:enum:: ARKODE_LSRKMethodType

   * ``ARKODE_LSRK_RKC`` -- Runge--Kutta--Chebyshev
   * ``ARKODE_LSRK_RKL`` -- Runge--Kutta--Legendre
   * ``ARKODE_LSRK_SSPs_2`` -- SSP(s,2) -- 2nd order, s-stage
   * ``ARKODE_LSRK_SSPs_3`` -- SSP(s,3) -- 3rd order, s-stage

>    * ``ARKODE_LSRK_SSP10_4`` -- SSP(10,4) -- 4th order, 10-stage

Author: They are referenced in Mathematical Considerations. See [the file](https://github.com/LLNL/sundials/blob/85ba7cbdc05135e30edb6e1a4a2b5388e59160d1/doc/arkode/guide/source/Mathematics.rst?plain=1#L754 ).

      * *DomEig* -- name of user-supplied Dominant Eigenvalue approximation function (of type :c:func:`ARKDomEigFn()`).

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful
      * *ARKLS_MEM_NULL* ``arkode_mem`` was ``NULL``.
      * *ARK_ILL_INPUT* ``DomEig = NULL`` and LSRKStep does not currently estimate this internally.

   .. note:: This function is currently required when either the RKC or RKL methods are used; it is ignored when using SSPRK methods.

.. c:function:: int LSRKStepSetDomEigFrequency(void* arkode_mem, int nsteps);

   Specifies the number of steps after which the Dominant Eigenvalue information is
   considered out-of-date, and should be recomputed.

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.
      * *nsteps* -- the Dominant Eigenvalue re-computation update frequency.  A value ``nsteps = 0`` indicates that the dominant eigenvalue will not change throughout the simulation.

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful
      * *ARKLS_MEM_NULL* ``arkode_mem`` was ``NULL``.
      * *ARK_ILL_INPUT* if an argument has an illegal value (e.g. ``nsteps < 0``)

> .. c:function:: int LSRKStepSetMaxStageNum(void* arkode_mem, int stagemaxlimit);

Author: I remember there was a comment somewhere stating that the efficiency decreases after 200 stages. Do you think we should add a note like this?

> .. c:function:: int LSRKStepSetMaxStageNum(void* arkode_mem, int stagemaxlimit);

Author: This convention is used for many other parameters. Do you think we should modify all of them? Several examples are listed below:

```
  long int domeignfe;      /* num fe calls for spectral dom_eig      */
  long int ndomeigupdates; /* num of dom_eig computations   */
  int stagemax;            /* num of max stages taken      */
  int stagemaxlimit;       /* max allowed num of stages     */
```

.. c:function:: int LSRKStepSetDomEigSafetyFactor(void* arkode_mem, sunrealtype dom_eig_sfty);

   Specifies a safety factor to use for the result of the dominant eigenvalue estimation function.  This value is used to scale the magnitude of the dominant eigenvalue, in the hope of ensuring a sufficient number of stages for the method to be stable.  This input is only used for RKC and RKL methods, and is ignored by SSPRK methods.

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.
      * *dom_eig_sfty* -- safety factor :math:`(\ge 1)`.

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful
      * *ARKLS_MEM_NULL* if ``arkode_mem`` was ``NULL``.
      * *ARK_ILL_INPUT* if an argument had an illegal value (e.g. ``dom_eig_sfty < 1``)

.. c:function:: int LSRKStepSetSSPStageNum(void* arkode_mem, int num_of_stages);

   Sets the number of stages, ``s`` in ``SSP(s, p)`` methods.  This input is ignored by RKC and RKL methods.

      * ``ARKODE_LSRK_SSP_S_2``  -- ``num_of_stages`` must be greater than or equal to 2
      * ``ARKODE_LSRK_SSP_S_3``  -- ``num_of_stages`` must be a perfect-square greater than or equal to 9

>       * ``ARKODE_LSRK_SSP_10_4`` -- ``num_of_stages`` cannot be modified from 10, so this function should not be called.

Author: It won't compile with these changes.

>       * ``ARKODE_LSRK_SSP_10_4`` -- ``num_of_stages`` cannot be modified from 10, so this function should not be called.

Reviewer 2: Have you also added the changes suggest elsewhere that define the enumerators with `.. c:enumerator::`? Those will be needed for these cross-references to work

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.
      * *num_of_stages* -- number of stages :math:`(>1)` for ``SSP(s,2)`` and :math:`(n^2 = s \geq 9)` for ``SSP(s,3)``.

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful
      * *ARKLS_MEM_NULL* if ``arkode_mem`` was ``NULL``.
      * *ARK_ILL_INPUT* if an argument had an illegal value (e.g. ``num_of_stages < 2``)

.. _ARKODE.Usage.LSRKStep.OptionalOutputs:

> Optional output functions

Reviewer: Similar response as above -- each stepper retains a small number of "Get" routines that are specific to their methods.

> Optional output functions

Reviewer 2: The original design for supporting STS methods was made before the unification of the ARKODE interface. Post unification, the steppers do have some unique "Get/Set" functions but these are almost all for selecting a specific method or getting a collection of statistics. What I'm trying to start a discussion on is when does a collection of related "Get/Set" functions warrant adding a new [group](https://sundials.readthedocs.io/en/latest/arkode/Usage/User_callable.html#arkode-user-callable-functions) of functions at the ARKODE level?

------------------------------

> .. c:function:: int LSRKStepGetNumRhsEvals(void* arkode_mem, long int* fe_evals, long int* fi_evals);

Reviewer: I like the second option, since that is extensible to all of the proposed method types.  We'd just need to be careful in the documentation to specify the ordering of the outputs.

> .. c:function:: int LSRKStepGetNumRhsEvals(void* arkode_mem, long int* fe_evals, long int* fi_evals);

Reviewer 2: Agreed, the documentation will need to be clear on the length and ordering depending on the method that's being used.

      returned, and an error message will be printed to ``stderr``.

   .. warning: LSRK module cannot support implicit treatment yet. fi function is there as a space holder for future releases.

.. _ARKODE.Usage.LSRKStep.OptionalInputs:

Optional input functions
-------------------------

.. c:function:: int LSRKStepSetMethod(void* arkode_mem, ARKODE_LSRKMethodType method);

   This function sets the type of the LSRK method.

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.
      * *method* -- Type of the method.

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful
      * *ARK_ILL_INPUT* if an argument has an illegal value (e.g. typo in the method type).

Allowable Method Families

.. c:enum:: ARKODE_LSRKMethodType

   * ``ARKODE_LSRK_RKC`` -- Runge--Kutta--Chebyshev
   * ``ARKODE_LSRK_RKL`` -- Runge--Kutta--Legendre
   * ``ARKODE_LSRK_SSPs_2`` -- SSP(s,2) -- 2nd order, s-stage
   * ``ARKODE_LSRK_SSPs_3`` -- SSP(s,3) -- 3rd order, s-stage
   * ``ARKODE_LSRK_SSP10_4`` -- SSP(10,4) -- 4th order, 10-stage
   
.. c:function:: int LSRKStepSetDomEigFn(void* arkode_mem, ARKDomEigFn DomEig);

>    Specifies the Dominant Eigenvalue approximation routine to
>    be used for number of stages selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Specifies the Dominant Eigenvalue approximation routine to
   be used for determining the number of stages that will be used by either the 
   Runge--Kutta--Chebyshev or Runge--Kutta--Legendre methods.
```

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.
      * *DomEig* -- name of user-supplied Dominant Eigenvalue approximation function (of type :c:func:`ARKDomEigFn()`).

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful
      * *ARKLS_MEM_NULL* ``arkode_mem`` was ``NULL``.

>       * *ARK_ILL_INPUT* ``DomEig = NULL`` and internal Dominant Eigenvalue estimation is not supported yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * *ARK_ILL_INPUT* ``DomEig = NULL`` and LSRKStep does not currently estimate this internally.
      
   .. note:: This function is currently required when either the RKC or RKL methods are used; it is ignored when using SSPRK methods.
```

.. c:function:: int LSRKStepSetDomEigFrequency(void* arkode_mem, int nsteps);

   Specifies the number of steps after which the Dominant Eigenvalue information is

>    considered out-of-date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   considered out-of-date, and should be recomputed.
```

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.

>       * *nsteps* -- the Dominant Eigenvalue re-computation update frequency, in particular ``nsteps = 0`` means constant Jacobian.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * *nsteps* -- the Dominant Eigenvalue re-computation update frequency.  A value ``nsteps = 0`` indicates that the dominant eigenvalue will not change throughout the simulation.
```

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful
      * *ARKLS_MEM_NULL* ``arkode_mem`` was ``NULL``.
      * *ARK_ILL_INPUT* if an argument has an illegal value (e.g. ``nsteps < 0``)

.. c:function:: int LSRKStepSetMaxStageNum(void* arkode_mem, int stagemaxlimit);

>    Specifies the maximum number of stages allowed within each time step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Specifies the maximum number of stages allowed within each time step.  This bound only applies to 
   RKL and RKC methods, and any inputs are ignored for SSPRK methods.
```

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.
      * *stagemaxlimit* -- maximum allowed number of stages :math:`(>1)`.

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful
      * *ARKLS_MEM_NULL* ``arkode_mem`` was ``NULL``.
      * *ARK_ILL_INPUT* if an argument has an illegal value (e.g. ``stagemaxlimit < 2``)

.. c:function:: int LSRKStepSetDomEigSafetyFactor(void* arkode_mem, sunrealtype domeigsfty);

>    Specifies the safety factor for the Dominant Eigenvalues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Specifies a safety factor to use for the result of the Dominant Eigenvalue estimation function.  This value is used to scale the magnitude of the dominant eigenvalue, in the hope of ensuring a sufficient number of stages for the method to be stable.  This input is only used for RKC and RKL methods, and is ignored by SSPRK methods.
```

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.

>       * *domeigsfty* -- safety factor :math:`(>1)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * *domeigsfty* -- safety factor :math:`(\ge 1)`.
```

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful
      * *ARKLS_MEM_NULL* ``arkode_mem`` was ``NULL``.
      * *ARK_ILL_INPUT* if an argument has an illegal value (e.g. ``domeigsfty < 1``)

.. c:function:: int LSRKStepSetSSPStageNum(void* arkode_mem, int numofstages);

>    Sets the number of stages, ``s`` in ``SSP(s, p)`` methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Sets the number of stages, ``s`` in ``SSP(s, p)`` methods.  This input is ignored by RKC and RKL methods.
```

      
      * ``ARKODE_LSRK_SSPs_2``  -- ``numofstages`` must be greater than or equal to 2

>       * ``ARKODE_LSRK_SSPs_3``  -- ``numofstages`` must be a full-square greater than or equal to 9

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * ``ARKODE_LSRK_SSPs_3``  -- ``numofstages`` must be a perfect-square greater than or equal to 9
```

>       * ``ARKODE_LSRK_SSP10_4`` -- ``numofstages`` must be equal to 10 -- no need to call this function at all!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * ``ARKODE_LSRK_SSP10_4`` -- ``numofstages`` cannot be modified from 10, so this function should not be called.
```

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.
      * *numofstages* -- number of stages :math:`(>1)` for ``SSP(s,2)`` and :math:`(n^2 = s \geq 9)` for ``SSP(s,3)``.

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful
      * *ARKLS_MEM_NULL* ``arkode_mem`` was ``NULL``.
      * *ARK_ILL_INPUT* if an argument has an illegal value (e.g. ``numofstages < 2``)      

.. _ARKODE.Usage.LSRKStep.OptionalOutputs:

Optional output functions
------------------------------

.. c:function:: int LSRKStepGetNumRhsEvals(void* arkode_mem, long int* fe_evals, long int* fi_evals);

   Returns the number of calls to the user's right-hand
   side functions, :math:`f^E` and :math:`f^I` (so far).

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.
      * *fe_evals* -- number of calls to the user's :math:`f^E(t,y)` function.
      * *fi_evals* -- number of calls to the user's :math:`f^I(t,y)` function.

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful

>       * *ARK_MEM_NULL* if the ARKStep memory was ``NULL``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * *ARK_MEM_NULL* if the LSRKStep memory was ``NULL``
```

.. c:function:: int LSRKStepGetNumDomEigUpdates(void* arkode_mem, long int* ndomeigupdates);

   Returns the number of Dominant Eigenvalue evaluations (so far).

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.
      * *ndomeigupdates* -- number of calls to the user's ``DomEig`` function.

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful

>       * *ARK_MEM_NULL* if the ARKStep memory was ``NULL``     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * *ARK_MEM_NULL* if the LSRKStep memory was ``NULL``     
```

.. c:function:: int LSRKStepGetMaxStageNum(void* arkode_mem, int* stagemax);

>    Returns the max number of stages taken (so far).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Returns the max number of stages taken in any single step (so far).
```

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.
      * *stagemax* -- max number of stages taken.

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful

>       * *ARK_MEM_NULL* if the ARKStep memory was ``NULL``  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * *ARK_MEM_NULL* if the LSRKStep memory was ``NULL``  
```

> .. c:function:: int LSRKStepGetAverStageNum(void* arkode_mem, int* averstage);

Reviewer: I would prefer that this be named either `LSRKStepGetAverageStageNum` or `LSRKStepGetAvgStageNum`, since "aver" is a non-standard abbreviation for "average".

Also, shouldn't this return a `sunrealtype` value, since averages are rarely integer-valued?

   Returns the average number of stages per step (so far).

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.
      * *averstage* -- average number of stages.

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful

>       * *ARK_MEM_NULL* if the ARKStep memory was ``NULL``  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * *ARK_MEM_NULL* if the LSRKStep memory was ``NULL``  
```

> .. c:function:: int LSRKStepGetTimestepperStats(void* arkode_mem, long int* expsteps, long int* accsteps, long int* attempts, long int* fevals, long int* domeigfevals, long int* netfails, long int* stagemax, long int* ndomeigupdates, sunrealtype* sprmax, sunrealtype* sprmin);
> 
>    Returns many of the most useful time-stepper statistics in a single call.
> 
>    **Arguments:**
>       * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the ARKStep memory block.
>       * *expsteps* -- number of stability-limited steps taken in the solver.
>       * *accsteps* -- number of accuracy-limited steps taken in the solver.
>       * *attempts* -- number of steps attempted by the solver.
>       * *fevals* -- number of calls to the user's :math:`f^E(t,y)` function.
>       * *domeigfevals* -- number of calls to the user's `DomEig` function.
>       * *netfails* -- number of error test failures.
>       * *stagemax* -- number of error test failures.
>       * *ndomeigupdates* -- number of Dominant Eigenvalue updates.
>       * *sprmax* -- number of error test failures.
>       * *sprmin* -- number of error test failures.
> 
>    **Return value:**
>       * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful
>       * *ARK_MEM_NULL* if the ARKStep memory was ``NULL``

Reviewer: I think that this function should just be removed.  The current version will be immediately outdated when we add ImEx support, and it's likely that we'll want to add some other new "get" options in the near future.

I do wonder, though.  It looks like this returns *sprmax* and *sprmin*, but I don't recall seeing either of those in previous "get" routines.  If you plan to keep track of those statistics, then there should be "get" routines to retrieve them.  If you don't want to provide those "get" routines, then the internal variables to store those statistics should be deleted.
```suggestion
```

.. _ARKODE.Usage.LSRKStep.Reinitialization:

LSRKStep re-initialization function
-------------------------------------

To reinitialize the LSRKStep module for the solution of a new problem,
where a prior call to :c:func:`LSRKStepCreate` has been made, the
user must call the function :c:func:`LSRKStepReInit()`.  The new
problem must have the same size as the previous one.  This routine
retains the current settings for all LSRKstep module options and
performs the same input checking and initializations that are done in

> :c:func:`LSRKStepCreate`, but it performs no memory allocation as is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:c:func:`LSRKStepCreate`, but it performs no memory allocation as it
```

      * *y0* -- the initial condition vector :math:`y(t_0)`.
      * *sunctx* -- the :c:type:`SUNContext` object (see :numref:`SUNDIALS.SUNContext`)

   **Return value:**
      If successful, a pointer to initialized problem memory
      of type ``void*``, to be passed to all user-facing LSRKStep routines
      listed below.  If unsuccessful, a ``NULL`` pointer will be
      returned, and an error message will be printed to ``stderr``.

   .. warning: LSRKStep does not currently support implicit or ImEx methods. The *fi* argument is included here as a placeholder for upcoming development.

.. _ARKODE.Usage.LSRKStep.OptionalInputs:

Optional input functions
-------------------------

.. c:function:: int LSRKStepSetMethod(void* arkode_mem, ARKODE_LSRKMethodType method);

   This function selects the LSRK method that should be used.  The list of allowable values for this input is below.

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.
      * *method* -- Type of the method.

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful
      * *ARK_ILL_INPUT* if an argument had an illegal value (e.g. typo in the method type).

>    .. note:: If this routine is not called, then LSRKStep will use the Runge--Kutta--Chebyshev method by default.

Reviewer: RKC was the first method in this family, and it is likely the method that users have previous experience with (if any).  

Regarding the relative merits, it has the longest theoretical stability region along the negative real axis of any method in the family.  However, in all of our [limited] tests, RKL has outperformed RKC.

      * *ARKLS_MEM_NULL* if ``arkode_mem`` was ``NULL``.
      * *ARK_ILL_INPUT* if an argument had an illegal value (e.g. ``dom_eig_sfty < 1``)

.. c:function:: int LSRKStepSetSSPStageNum(void* arkode_mem, int num_of_stages);

   Sets the number of stages, ``s`` in ``SSP(s, p)`` methods. This input is only utilized by SSPRK methods.

      * ``ARKODE_LSRK_SSP_S_2``  -- ``num_of_stages`` must be greater than or equal to 2
      * ``ARKODE_LSRK_SSP_S_3``  -- ``num_of_stages`` must be a perfect-square greater than or equal to 9
      * ``ARKODE_LSRK_SSP_10_4`` -- ``num_of_stages`` cannot be modified from 10, so this function should not be called.

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.
      * *num_of_stages* -- number of stages :math:`(>1)` for ``SSP(s,2)`` and :math:`(n^2 = s \geq 9)` for ``SSP(s,3)``.

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful
      * *ARKLS_MEM_NULL* if ``arkode_mem`` was ``NULL``.
      * *ARK_ILL_INPUT* if an argument had an illegal value (e.g. ``num_of_stages < 2``)

.. _ARKODE.Usage.LSRKStep.OptionalOutputs:

Optional output functions
------------------------------

> .. c:function:: int LSRKStepGetNumRhsEvals(void* arkode_mem, int num_rhs_fn, long int* f_evals);

Reviewer: I think that a number of these comments are irrelevant to this specific PR, and should be discussed elsewhere.

However, in response to this question, the current design [that we agreed upon last Spring] is in place because each stepper supports a potentially custom number of RHS functions (e.g., ERKStep supports 1 while ARKStep supports 2).  Since we cannot overload operators in C to support the same function with differing numbers of outputs, and since only the stepper keeps track of the number of function evals for each of it's own RHS functions, these "GetNumRhsEvals" routines live in the steppers.

> .. c:function:: int LSRKStepGetNumRhsEvals(void* arkode_mem, int num_rhs_fn, long int* f_evals);

Reviewer 2: Since this this function returns an array of RHS evaluations it can cover all the integrators in ARKODE with the steppers providing a function to fill the array (much like how they all provide `printmem`, `setdefaults`, `free`, etc.)

> .. c:function:: int LSRKStepGetNumRhsEvals(void* arkode_mem, int num_rhs_fn, long int* f_evals);

Reviewer: I agree, although I am loathe to keep piling duties onto Mustafa that are unrelated to his PR.  Our team has a bad habit of asking PR requestors to make numerous changes to older code, instead of adding those requests to a separate list of group development tasks.

I recommend that some other SUNDIALS developer should add this function to ARKODE, and then add all of the relevant documentation (e.g., for ARKStep `num_rhs_fn=0` corresponds to `fe` while 'num_rhs_fn=1` correspnds to `fi`).  If this gets merged soon, then Mustafa's routine could easily be turned into an internal stepper-provided function for ARKODE to call.

> .. c:function:: int LSRKStepGetNumRhsEvals(void* arkode_mem, int num_rhs_fn, long int* f_evals);

Reviewer 3: I agree with Dan.  Since the other steppers currently have their own `GetNumRhsEvals` functions, this PR is not the right place to add a `ARKodeGetNumRhsEvals`.

> .. c:function:: int LSRKStepGetNumRhsEvals(void* arkode_mem, int num_rhs_fn, long int* f_evals);

Reviewer 2: I'll try to get a PR up for this soon, I'd like to keep churn in the user interface to a minimum.

> .. c:function:: int LSRKStepGetNumRhsEvals(void* arkode_mem, int num_rhs_fn, long int* f_evals);

Reviewer: Once PR #587 is merged, we should update this PR to leverage the new approach.

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.
      * *num_rhs_fn* -- number of input  RHS functions.
      * *f_evals* -- number of calls to the user's :math:`f(t,y)` function.

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful
      * *ARK_MEM_NULL* if the LSRKStep memory was ``NULL``

.. c:function:: int LSRKStepGetNumDomEigUpdates(void* arkode_mem, long int* num_dom_eig_updates);

   Returns the number of dominant eigenvalue evaluations (so far).

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.
      * *num_dom_eig_updates* -- number of calls to the user's ``dom_eig`` function.

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful
      * *ARK_MEM_NULL* if the LSRKStep memory was ``NULL``

.. c:function:: int LSRKStepGetMaxNumStages(void* arkode_mem, int* stage_max);

   Returns the max number of stages used in any single step (so far).

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.
      * *stage_max* -- max number of stages used.

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful
      * *ARK_MEM_NULL* if the LSRKStep memory was ``NULL``

> .. c:function:: int LSRKStepGetAverageStageNum(void* arkode_mem, sunrealtype* avg_stage);

Author: This get function was removed already. So, I resolve the conversation.

As discussed in the main :ref:`ARKODE user-callable function introduction
<ARKODE.Usage.UserCallable>`, each of ARKODE's time-stepping modules
clarifies the categories of user-callable functions that it supports.
LSRKStep supports the following categories:

* temporal adaptivity

.. _ARKODE.Usage.LSRKStep.Initialization:

LSRKStep initialization functions
---------------------------------

.. c:function:: void* LSRKStepCreateSTS(ARKRhsFn rhs, sunrealtype t0, N_Vector y0, SUNContext sunctx);

   This function allocates and initializes memory for a problem to
   be solved using the LSRKStep time-stepping module in ARKODE.

   **Arguments:**
      * *rhs* -- the name of the C function (of type :c:func:`ARKRhsFn()`)
        defining the right-hand side function.
      * *t0* -- the initial value of :math:`t`.
      * *y0* -- the initial condition vector :math:`y(t_0)`.
      * *sunctx* -- the :c:type:`SUNContext` object (see :numref:`SUNDIALS.SUNContext`)

   **Return value:**
      If successful, a pointer to initialized problem memory
      of type ``void*``, to be passed to all user-facing LSRKStep routines
      listed below.  If unsuccessful, a ``NULL`` pointer will be

>       returned, and an error message will be printed to ``stderr``.

Reviewer: Yes.  The behavior would depend on how `arkProcessError` works (which would depend on the error handler and build options).  It also looks like some of the steppers could `return(NULL)` without calling `arkProcessError` (e.g., ARKStep when `arkAllocVec` fails).  It would be good to have a separate PR that ensures consistent behavior, and that updates the user guides as necessary.

   Specifies the number of steps after which the dominant eigenvalue information is
   considered out-of-date, and should be recomputed. This only applies to RKL and RKC methods.

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.
      * *nsteps* -- the dominant eigenvalue re-computation update frequency.  A value  ``nsteps = 0``  indicates that the dominant eigenvalue will not change throughout the simulation.

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful
      * *ARKLS_MEM_NULL* if ``arkode_mem`` was ``NULL``.

.. note:: If LSRKStepSetDomEigFrequency routine is not called, then the default ``nsteps`` is set to :math:`25` as recommended in :cite:p:`VSH:04`. 
   Calling this function with ``nsteps < 0`` resets the default value while ``nsteps = 0`` refers to constant dominant eigenvalue.

.. c:function:: int LSRKStepSetMaxNumStages(void* arkode_mem, int stage_max_limit);

   Specifies the maximum number of stages allowed within each time step.  This bound only applies to
   RKL and RKC methods.

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.

>       * *stage_max_limit* -- maximum allowed number of stages :math:`(>=2)` and :math:`(<=10000)`.

Author: We have documented this behavior. I think a limit of `10,000` is still quite high for this context either. Since `λΔt` is proportional to the square of the number of stages `s`, this limit essentially implies `λ ~ -10^8/Δt`. With careful consideration, we may find that round-off error could ultimately limit our results. On the other hand, for the same reasoning I think `200` is a fair default value. This is also the limit mentioned in the paper for efficiency.

>       * *stage_max_limit* -- maximum allowed number of stages :math:`(>=2)` and :math:`(<=10000)`.

Reviewer: I agree with @Steven-Roberts that there's no need for us to demand an upper bound on this.  If the behavior is clearly documented, then if a user explicitly requests a larger number of stages we should let them do it.  

Perhaps a middle ground solution would be to include a `.. note::` explaining that the input value translates into a maximum h\lambda \sim -stage_max_limit^2, and that stage_max_limit=200 is the recommended value from the literature (including a citation)?

>       * *stage_max_limit* -- maximum allowed number of stages :math:`(>=2)` and :math:`(<=10000)`.

Author: If the user does not specify a value, we should assign a default. I suggest setting `stage_max_limit=200` as the default and allowing users to choose a different value without any limit, or having some large limit like 10^8, which really means `λΔt ~ eps_M`.

>       * *stage_max_limit* -- maximum allowed number of stages :math:`(>=2)` and :math:`(<=10000)`.

Author: I mean if the user doesn't call the set function, we still have to assign a number. It is my understanding from your comment that you are fine with having `200` as our default unless otherwise (>=2) is set.

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.
      * *emethod* -- Type of the method in strings.

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful
      * *ARK_ILL_INPUT* if an argument had an illegal value (e.g. typo in the method type).

   .. note:: If one of these set method routines is not called, then LSRKStep will use the 
      :c:enumerator:`ARKODE_LSRK_SSP_S_2` by default.

.. c:function:: int LSRKStepSetDomEigFn(void* arkode_mem, ARKDomEigFn dom_eig);

   Specifies the dominant eigenvalue approximation routine to
   be used for determining the number of stages that will be used by either the
   RKC or RKL methods.

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.
      * *dom_eig* -- name of user-supplied dominant eigenvalue approximation function (of type :c:func:`ARKDomEigFn()`).

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful
      * *ARKLS_MEM_NULL* if ``arkode_mem`` was ``NULL``.
      * *ARK_ILL_INPUT* ``dom_eig = NULL`` and LSRKStep does not currently estimate this internally.

   .. note:: This function is currently required when either the RKC or RKL methods are used.

> .. c:function:: int LSRKStepSetDomEigFrequency(void* arkode_mem, int nsteps);

Reviewer 2: Make `long int` to be consistent with other similar options
```suggestion
.. c:function:: int LSRKStepSetDomEigFrequency(void* arkode_mem, long int nsteps);
```

------------------------------

.. c:function:: int LSRKStepGetNumRhsEvals(void* arkode_mem, int num_rhs_fn, long int* f_evals);

   Returns the number of calls to the user's right-hand side functions.

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.
      * *num_rhs_fn* -- number of input  RHS functions.
      * *f_evals* -- number of calls to the user's :math:`f(t,y)` function.

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful
      * *ARK_MEM_NULL* if the LSRKStep memory was ``NULL``

.. c:function:: int LSRKStepGetNumDomEigUpdates(void* arkode_mem, long int* dom_eig_num_evals);

   Returns the number of dominant eigenvalue evaluations (so far).

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.
      * *dom_eig_num_evals* -- number of calls to the user's ``dom_eig`` function.

   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful
      * *ARK_MEM_NULL* if the LSRKStep memory was ``NULL``

> 

Reviewer: This function should not have been removed from the documentation.
